[DTCT-209] Add missing endpoint descriptions to the docs.centra.com (#311)
centrahq/api-documentation: pages/03.fe-development/09.subscriptions/docs.md

- `intervalType` is a string representing the unit of time used; can be any of: `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`,
- `discountPercent` is a numeric value of flat rate discount set on the subscription plan.

### Subscription contract
While working with subscriptions it is essential to grasp the concept of subscription contract. This is what binds together all the things: the customer, the payment method, shipping address and a set of products the customer subscribed to. Each checkout event generates one subscription contract that may contain multiple subscriptions.

> 

Reviewer: Should we maybe add the same short precise explanation to what subscription is just below?
It's obvious for us but might be helpful to clarify that a subscription represents a single product with quantity, interval discount and price

Author: Yeah, good point :)

### Checking out
Checkout process is the same when it comes to implementation, you can read more in [Checkout API Order flow guide](https://docs.centra.com/api-references/checkout-api/order-flow). The only difference is that the customer has to be a registered client in order to be able to subscribe to an item. The user can log in before the checkout or create the account during the checkout. Keep in mind that it is only possible to create an account if the email is not already associated with any created account. If the account with given email already exists it is mandatory to log in before checking out with a subscription.

### Subscription management

> Once subscription is created it is possible to browse customer's subscritpions as well as manage their state and shipping address or change subscription plan. Keep in mind that shipping country cannot be changed. If the customer wishes to change destination country they have to cancel the subscription and check out again with new address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once subscription is created it is possible to browse customer's subscriptions as well as manage their state and shipping address or change subscription plan. Keep in mind that shipping country cannot be changed. If the customer wishes to change destination country they have to cancel the subscription and check out again with new address.
```

typo 👹

#### Changing interval

> Interval on which items should be delivered can only be changes if the same item is currently available in a subscription plan. One can choose any of currenlty available plans. Keep in mind that all plan's properties will be transered to subscribed item: interval and discount. Each subscription can have its own interval and they can be modified separately.

Reviewer: typos: 

```suggestion
Interval on which items should be delivered can only be changed if the same item is currently available in a subscription plan. One can choose any of currently available plans. Keep in mind that all plan's properties will be transferred to subscribed item: interval and discount. Each subscription can have its own interval and they can be modified separately.
```

}
```

### Browsing subscriptions

> Customer's current subscriptions can be listed using [POSY /customer/{{email}}/subscriptions](https://docs.centra.com/swagger-ui/?api=ShopAPI#/default/post_customers__email__subscriptions) endpoint. Because Shop API works in stateless manner you do not have to log in as customer. Authorization should be handled by frontend. Subscriptions are groupped by the contract they belong to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customer's current subscriptions can be listed using [POST /customer/{{email}}/subscriptions](https://docs.centra.com/swagger-ui/?api=ShopAPI#/default/post_customers__email__subscriptions) endpoint. Because Shop API works in stateless manner you do not have to log in as customer. Authorization should be handled by frontend. Subscriptions are grouped by the contract they belong to.
```

    }
}
```

### Browsing subscriptions

Customer's current subscriptions can be listed using [POST /customer/subscriptions](https://docs.centra.com/swagger-ui/?api=CheckoutAPI#/6.%20customer%20handling/post_customer_subscriptions) endpoint. Because Checkout API maintains user session, you can only access that endpoint once you are logged in.

### Changing contract address

> To edit shipping address you have to provide the contract id that will be modified and use Shop API endpoint [PUT /subscriptions/address](https://docs.centra.com/swagger-ui/?api=CheckoutAPI#/6.%20customer%20handling/put_subscription_address).

Reviewer: _and use Shop API endpoint_

This is checkout api swagger and endpoint mentioned here
